managed/owned by New Era Edu Sdn Bhd [201401008960 (1085038-D)]
ABOUT NEUC
ADMISSION How to apply? Tuition Waiver & Scholarships Tuition Fees Academic e-Brochure Graduate School e-Brochure
APPLY ONLINE Pre-University & Undergraduate Postgraduate (Coursework) Certified Intensive English Programme (CIEP)
ACADEMIC & PROGRAMMES Foundation Programmes Diploma Programmes Bachelor's Degree Programmes Postgraduate Programmes Faculties & Departments Find your Course
LIFE @ NEUC Accommodation & Campus Life Cultural Campus Creative Campus Vibrant Campus Artistic Campus Hostel Accommodation Campus Facilities Tan Lark Sye Library Clubs & Societies Counselling Services Career Development & Internship Career Services Internship Services Transportation
NEW ERA CULTURAL AND CREATIVE SHOP
NEW ERA UC MEMBER
CAREER
Course Enquiry
New Era Students Staff (Login) Visitor
English 中文
Course Details
Course introduction
Programme Modules
minimum entry requirement
career prospects
Course Introduction
The Bachelor in Information Technology (Cyber Security) with Honours programme focuses on systems and network security, data security protection, cybercrime forensic, defense methods and cybersecurity technologies, provides students with a solid foundation in related field. Students will learn how to utilize security tools and systems to prevent, detect, and repair security vulnerabilities. This course will also furnish students with a solid foundation in Information Technology to meet the significant market demand. The course is dedicated to cultivate computer and network security professionals. We aim to assist students in exploring their potential through engaging teaching, research, activities and competitions.
Partnerships:
Programme Modules *
Introduction to Programming
Computer Architecture and Organization
Introduction to Networking
Database Systems
System Analysis and Design
Java Application Development
Web Design
Introduction to Security Technology
Operating Systems
Discrete Mathematics
Distributed Systems
System Programming and Computer Control
Research Methodology
Computer and Network Security
Forensic Data Recovery
Ethical Hacking
Human Computer Interaction
Information Management and Security
Cloud Computing
Final Project 1
Final Project 2
Industrial Training
Practical CTF Skills
Industrial Cybersecurity Systems
Cryptography and Internet Security
Biometrics
Cybercrime Forensics Analysis
* Selected programme modules
Minimum Entry Requirement
*A pass in STPM with a minimum grade of C (CGPA 2.00) in any TWO (2) subjects, AND a credit in Mathematics at SPM level or its equivalent.
*Possess UEC with at least FIVE (5) credits in any subject, AND a credit in Mathematics at SPM level or its equivalent.
*A pass in Matriculation or Foundation studies with a minimum CGPA of 2.00, AND a credit in Mathematics at SPM level or its equivalent.
Diploma in Computing (Level 4, MQF) or equivalent with a minimum CGPA of 2.50.
*Diploma (Level 4, MQF) in Non-Computing with a minimum CGPA of 2.75, AND a credit in Mathematics at SPM level or its equivalent.
Remark:
For MER that marked with *, candidates with a pass in Mathematics, need to take a reinforcement Mathematics with appropriate topics in the discipline of Information Technology and Information Systems at the beginning of the study.
Students are required to pass the Reinforcement Mathematics before being allowed to take related core courses. The candidate can sit for any subjects that did not indicate Mathematics as a prerequisite. The Reinforcement Mathematics can be offered as part of or outside the curriculum structure.
Students from Matriculation / Foundation or its equivalent can be exempted from taking the Reinforcement Mathematics, provided that the Mathematics offered at that programme level is equivalent / more than the Additional Mathematics offered at an SPM level.
*For detailed information on entry requirements, please contact Marketing & Sales Department .
Career Prospects
Cyber Security Engineer
Cyber Security Analyst
Cyber Security Consultant
Ethical Hacker
Cyber Security Sales Executive
System Engineer
IT Support Analyst
Security Programmer
Information System Administrator
FIND YOUR COURSE
Quick Access
address
Blok B&C, Lot 5, Seksyen 10, Jalan Bukit, 43000 Kajang, Selangor.
phone
03-8210 3709 (Main Line) 03-8740 6392 (Main Line) 03-8740 4392 03-8741 8192 03-8741 4923 03-8741 4924 03-8740 6925 03-8737 9292
email
neuc@newera.edu.my
OFFICE HOURS Monday to Friday: 8:30am - 5:00pm (Off on Saturday, Sunday and Public Holidays)
news @ neuc
e-Notice ( NEUC | NEIVCE )
NEUC Academic Calendar
NEUC Events Calendar
Upcoming Events
Media
Job Opportunity
Administration Units
Vice-Chancellor's Office
Registrar's Office
Branding and Creative Department
Computer Centre
Counselling Centre
General Affairs Department
Human Resource Department
Marketing & Sales Department
Public Relations Department
Tan Lark Sye Library
Student Affairs Department
Academic Competitions
Australian Mathematics Competition (AMC)
Hua Luogeng Secondary School Mathematics Competition
Tan Kah-Kee Tan Lark-Sye Young Inventors' Award
NEUC Publication
Journals
Academic Series
Xinguang Magazine
Newsletter
Remembering My Initial Goals, Leaping to New Heights: NEUC 25th Anniversary Commemorative Publication (1998-2023)  "Towards the pinnacle" (2019-2023)
New Era Cutural and Creative Shop
Research at NEUC
Tan Lark Sye Institute
Centre of Malaysian History
Family Education and Teacher Development Research Centre
quick Access
Donate to Us
Staff Directory
Ng Teck Fong Chinese Language Teacher Excellent Award
NEUC-CMEI, The Centre of Multi-Ethnic Interaction
New Era Institute of Vocational & Continuing Education
Institute of International Education
Copyright © 2026 All Rights Reserved. NEW ERA UNIVERSITY COLLEGE [DKU040(B)] (managed/owned by New Era Edu Sdn Bhd [201401008960 (1085038-D)]) . Privacy Policy | Personal Data Security Policy | Policies Library
